General Director Wang
This is clearly a trap.
Why do you still understand and do it?
You tell General Director Wang
Fars Group as a partner is also obliged to contribute 30 billion VND.
Let him push a little.
Hey.
So that's it.
I get it.
Cross-border money transfers delayed by one day
You want to fight the time difference, fight the Night God with one hand.
You are so hidden.
Got it, not fast yet, yeah yeah yeah
I'm going.
General Director Wang, you came at the right time to help me see the shareholder relations of Valls Corporation.
Who is the largest tumor?
It's a company called Long Than Group.
More than 50% of the stock is him.
Talk to the finance department tomorrow.
Use that 50 billion to buy Dragon God drums.
All right, Mr. Wang.
There's one more thing.
The underdog said he wanted to see you.
Let him in.
Yes.
What are you looking for me to talk about?
I've got to go to bed.
What's urgent?
My two friends and I are also the point.
You're my ex-boyfriend again.
Looking for a friend to talk to ex. What's going on?
Chasing.
A little measurement.
Let's talk business.
Do useless things for what?
This woman is not right.
All right.
I know that my son is a busy man.
I'm not going in circles anymore.
Recently, Dang Vuong Group plans to do a new project.
300 missing.
I'd like to draw you in and invest together.
300 billion is not a small amount.
You also know that you want to get engaged recently to Toulouse.
My father took me more seriously.
So, he was afraid that I would spend it indiscriminately before marriage.
Set this transfer amount
Less pressure.
It's got to be about new energy.
The three of you spent money to destroy the disaster.
Buy him a peace of mind.
But this so-called lady by the way welcomed the Dragon King's harem.
I'll be safe.
Haha, don't worry.
I've checked the partner's details.
It is very stable, you can invest with me.
Ensure you make a steady profit without compensation
So if you say so...
Then I'll choose to trust you.
I'll find someone to call you later.
Okay, it's definitely a win-win for us.
Win / Win